bonsly versus Chester mid-table
in Ligue 1 against mid-table in the
conference the drill their wholesome
this is Craig man up against Brown and
he's passed in all deflection good save
on to the park and then worked away
that's a really big let off for Barnsley
Mon did so well and so did Turnbull does
that was deflecting it would have
changed the trajectory of the ball it's
a good stop excellent reactions knocked
out by the frame of the goal
so I've begun by Hemmings
and by her ahead mrs. Trotter really get
the power all the directions I was
looking for the Italian right use of the
body though in the build-up bike lane
Hemmings who her Hanna's ever was
involved
Trotter had the shot Rooney with the
corner the Chester who dangerous have
knocked off the line by Dutchman what
down hand the other good view of that
was Joe touching on the line a little
bit of no gold actually or her hand good
decision that angle and that one bit
caught waiting on this near side is
respray Alden reaching man is away again
he's giving Barnsley all sorts of
problems faced up by Craney he doesn't
know which way is going still great man
that's an excellent stop from Turnbull
the smile got Sonia power into the shop
keeper with a strong left hand to push
it around the post clearances only reach
to her hat and swords litre gulpy
they've got some of its and then wide by
hemmings just it enough here worse not
their fraction it before litre
McConville's corner char not got up and
knocked off the line again this time who
Rihan in the right place back comes an
over the top from Hobson
Gong is living a charmed life to played
off the line and once at the bar it's no
unlucky chester ii head up from Hobson
couldn't get on top of it
is Tracy
Jennings nice treats the skill from
Belgian second miss by much don't think
worse not was getting to that
and had been for actually more accurate
what a super thesis kill that was though
on the head of well Jennings and Trotter
has freed her hat who's away here that's
another excellent saved by worse not to
deny bonsly's top scorer 10 this season
but lucky might have added to it they're
all stop these angles absolutely right
made the safe
both sides still trying to win it in the
closing stages here since Craig Marley's
look the man most likely try his luck
with the M it was always rising
and interval have got well-covered has
been exceptional this afternoon crank
mark
movies have one look at the watch just a
few seconds to go on by Tracy what might
break here for Trotter pushed away and
maybe for Hemmings and off the line by
Brown
you